tutorial 3 had to be prepared the state
of mind is essential and a full tutorial
old number 4 will be dedicated to this
most important topic there are few
conductors around the world keep evolve
mesmerizing every detail of a full score
and have a clear vision of how it should
sound if you were one of them you
wouldn't be wasting your time reading me
so this concerns most of us composers
and advanced level musicians but want to
make the best of a recording session as
a conductor the first obvious step is to
know the music as a listener if you're
in the movie business you have to
produce a piano or sampler version for
validation this can help you have to be
able to hear right away if there's a
mistake in the score on the musicians
reading wrong notes are not the only
possible mistakes it can also be
somebody starting too soon or too late
memorize the tempo changes the starts to
give fragment the score into a list of
instructions like dynamics expected
difficulties etc why not using colors
your own symbols and anything that could
help if you don't use a click you also
have to point out which cues are
mandatory and which one can float a bit
if you're the composer you probably
finished your score at the very latest
minute and the night preceding the
recording session will be a very busy
one
this is the end of 2 303 about the ways
to be prepared you can comment and ask
questions by using my musical tells com
forum there's a topic for you there